hey guys I just wanted to tell you
before we start the video is said I hope
you guys are having a happy happy
Christmas and hope you guys are enjoying
your presence hopefully that you got
what you wanted and I just wanted to say
that there's a lot of pauses in the
video because of course me with the
crappy camera I it died a lot so I was
gonna be like five five four stops
between the whole video so please stick
with me and subscribed if you liked it
and like the video if you want more so
yeah go ahead and three to enjoy hey
good morning everyone welcome to my
video thank you for clicking on it and I
give you me a chance
this is more Pierce yeah I did that
because my friend wanted me to do that
don't blame me alright so what I'm gonna
do is show you what I got for Christmas
more of a gaming Christmas thing I
didn't ask for modern warfare 3 or
battlefield 3 cuz I've already bought
those games those are the things that I
kind of already had and I just asked a
lot of platformers the good games you
seen some of my videos and you know what
I mean
alright so first off I got to 1600
microsoft point codes which is pretty
cool
so already use one of them I still have
to put it in the other one I got an
iTunes 25 bucks thing which I got to try
that I got a couple bodybuilding
magazines
cuz I'm working out a lot more and I
need some motivation it's kind of tough
to have motivation so pretty much have
to use youtube what you have back then
they didn't really have much they would
buy magazines and just look at the their
inspiration there so it's kinda like
what I'm doing so alright so that 20
bucks from Gamestop which I have my
wallet sure it looks like like that
nothing special just a card I always sit
in this thing yeah yeah okay first off I
got Batman the Walmart bundle which
comes with Batman Arkham City and Batman
Arkham Asylum I kind of unboxed it my
camera battery sucks so that the makers
as fast as I can as possible it's 5
o'clock in morning
my voice is tired so
please don't blame me on why I'm talking
like this okay so if I put you here you
guys can look at that
take that off simple right
okay there I'm in Arkham City nothing
special
well yeah so nothing too special open
this up
what do you see see the game case why am
i shaking free online beta for Gotham
City Impostors I guess I'll try it out
and then the Catwoman DLC pack whatever
don't hit me
it comes with the yum that I get my
battery's dying at the hurry-up also
comes with a game and comes with a gay
menu and it comes with see a couple
advertisement like slips oh crap I'll
put that in later uh okay so these new
comes about from Asylum comes with some
3d glasses you can wear them in the
shower I'm kidding no don't come to the
game in the game manual so I got red
dead redemption from Gamestop my parents
it goes like they don't ever wrap their
games they open them and then they put
sticker to ruin it so this comes with a
K it comes with the map and they come to
the game annual it comes with the undead
nightmare
and the regular game so that's that the
rest pretty much really touched my heart
because I've played these games since I
was like really young
Psychonauts for the original Xbox this
is the original unboxing of Psychonauts
ever on youtube so i feel pretty good
this thing is so rare I mean look at
that there's a scar on the bottom so we
I searched everywhere just to find this
game you want to play your game and you
really really just don't want to play
Call of Duty anymore pick up Psychonauts
if there's any in there and there's no
manual but there's the game that's what
I got Christmas Eve and here's Table
three I'm getting this because it might
do a online walkthrough gameplay with
one of my friends or meet him just gonna
play like on our own and I kind of set
for this so this one relief this comes
with a game menu and it discs yep I got
brutal legends by don't sorry about that
okay so I got another Double Fine game
called brew legend and I loved it a
little of
really funniest that's in the beginning
so this games with the game manual and
the CD ah there there okay good
I got Mass Effect one I'm Tina by buying
Mass Effect 2 as soon as I finished this
and as I get the whole story all showed
up right
it comes with a able to advertise them
but they connect not connect um like
Bluetooth headset and it comes with the
what comes in the DLC disc I got that
Christmas Eve so I got some Koroma
: sympathy and Gregor gay okay so then I
got Olin Spice swagger bundle I got this
for Christmas Eve and then so what
basically I got like socks underwear for
stocking stuffers and some candy and
stuff and steroids and you got some
water butter over or zoca or or assault
or Zika I'm kidding whores oka I'm sorry
god I'm so tired
I also got a screwdriver I'm kidding
about the water bottle in the
screwdriver but yeah thanks for watching
hope you enjoyed sorry about the camera
dying I don't like it either and so yeah
there's my xbox here's my chest
here's some letter K okay and here's my
budget ready okay I'll see you later
peace wow I'm so freaking game what I do
that I forgot to add this my camera's
going down in five seconds Ellie I love
you sorry for the camera keep turning
off and stuff but this is what I looks
like I can get a good review
I'm joking that's disgusting I hate most
of building girls all they do is take
roids and it look like overweight man
alright thanks